fix: Fixed Attachment Metadata Being Set Incorrectly In Interaction Responses (#2679)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  apps. ([#2650](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2650))
- Fixed type annotations of cached properties.
  ([#2635](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/issues/2635))

> - Fixed attachment metadata being set incorrectly in interaction responses causing it to
>   be ignored. ([#2679](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2679))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed attachment metadata being set incorrectly in interaction responses which caused it to
  be ignored. ([#2679](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2679))
```

Author: Fixed with more clear wording of my own
